The doctor is indeed His Highness the Thirteenth
The old man's body is behind the Thirteen Desolation
Apprentice to your peerless medical skills
Just medical skills
If you want to learn
I'll teach you anytime.
13 days is true
Temporary remarks are endless
The princess still needs admiration
You leave the rest to me
What's up
Of course, to find out the real culprit
How about checking
Got it.
The same person who assassinated you that night
Chen Shuangjian
What are you doing here?
English princess injured
The views of this king's special hero
I don't know how the princess is injured.
Did you catch the murderer?
This won't let you cash in.
13 Your Highness, you should also be careful
This time it was the giant who was injured
I don't know who it will be next time
13 What are you doing?